# Determinants of Hukou Reform in 2014
The repository is used to store the code used to process data for the determinants of hukou reform project, 
serving the reproducible purpose of research.

The dataset of this research project is stored in PolicyData.xlsx, which is constructed by me and Dr. Julia Wang based on the 
official policy documents issued by each Chinese province (except Ningxia). The idea is inspired by DEMIG (Determinants
of International Migration) POLICY, a database taht has collected information about cross-border migration across 45 countries in Europe over the period of 1945-2013. 

The dataset documents six aspects of a specific policy measure (detailed elaboration of each aspect is recorded in the Codebook):

1). Policy area (selection, integration, etc)

2). Policy tools (points system, residential permit, talent scheme, etc)

3). Migrant groups (students, high-skilled, investors, etc)

4). Migrant origins (from city of the same province, from the countryside out of this province, etc)

5). Restrictiveness (more restrictive, more lenient, remain unchanged)

6). Magnitude of change (fine-tuning, minor, mid-level and major)

Specifically, the score of each policy is obtained from (Restrictiveness * Magnitude) and weighted by the population porportion of the corresponding migrant group.

Given the descriptive nature of this project, data processing focuses on two sets of dependent variables:

1). Policy scores disaggregated by policy areas, tools, migrant groups

2). Clusters generated by agglomerative clustering method

Covariates are economic, demographic, political and socio-cultural factors collected at provincial level, the former two of which come from Chinese Statistical Yearbooks (see RegionalVariables.xlsx) while the latter constructed primarily by me. In particular, the process of constructing socio-cultural factors using text data is explained and recorded in the file ModelBuilding. 

Following the data processing is the exploratory analysis, which has been documented in three files, GraphsOfScores, Mapping and GraphsOfScoresWithVars.


